adding release notes for launchpad for vms (#10874)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Bug Fixes

### Launchpad for VMs

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PVM-654 -->

#### Features

- The [Launchpad for VMs Appliance](../vm-management/launchpad-for-vms/launchpad-for-vms.md) now supports live updates

>   to running virtual machines (VMs). You can hot-plug memory and hot-update CPU sockets on a running VM without a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to running VMs. You can hot-plug memory and hot-update CPU sockets on a running VM without a
```

  reboot.

> - You can now pause and resume running VMs, and the appliance now displays live-migration progress so you can track a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running VMs can now be paused and resumed.
- The appliance now displays live-migration progress so you can track a
```

  VM's migration between nodes.

> - VM creation now supports defining a custom VM by supplying YAML directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VMs can now be created using custom YAML files.
```
Maybe?

  <!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PVM-710 -->

- You can now create a VM directly from a golden image across namespace boundaries using the **Create VM** flow, in

>   addition to deploying from a VM template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VMs can now be created using golden images and templates across namespace boundaries using the **Create VM** flow.
```

#### Improvements

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PVM-641 -->

- MetalLB load-balancer images now use the hardened, distroless image variant.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PVM-781 -->

- The default password policy for the VMO Manager profile now requires a minimum of 15 characters, aligning with
  Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) compliance.

> - VMO profile password fields now enforce complexity requirements at input time, so the form rejects noncompliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VMO profile password fields now enforce complexity requirements at input time.
```

  passwords before submission.

- You can no longer delete the user account you are currently signed in with. The appliance disables the delete action

>   for your own account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where users could delete the account they were currently signed in with.
```

And probably move to the bug section.

- The user-creation form now validates email format and rejects malformed email addresses.

> - You can now change a VM's instance type after the VM is built by using the edit-configuration flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VM instance types can now be changed after the VM is built using the edit-configuration flow.
```

> - The VM creation flow now surfaces the underlying **DataVolume** status, so you can monitor disk-provisioning progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The VM creation flow now surfaces the underlying **DataVolume** status, allowing you to monitor disk-provisioning progress
```

  during VM creation.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where updating a VM's CPU sockets displayed a spurious "restart required" message for a change that
  does not require a restart.

> - VMs that failed to start or that cannot be scheduled now display a **Delete** button so you can remove them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where VMs that failed to start or be scheduled could not be deleted through the UI.
```
